CNT_AGNR/checklist.md, before:

# Calculation Checklist

This file provides a checklist of essential steps to follow for the CNT_AGNR calculation.
Use this list to ensure all necessary tasks are completed in the correct order.

- Step 1: Structure Preparation

  - Refer to `sort_positions.ipynb` for the ordering process
  - [ ] Ensure that the atoms in the device/scattering region are ordered as left lead, scattering region, and right lead. Within each region, atoms should be ordered from left to right along the transport direction.
  - [ ] Ensure that the atoms in the leads and bridge structure file are ordered in the same way as the device.

- Step 2: DFT calculations

  - Refer to the python scripts in the `dft` folder
  - [ ] Perform DFT calculations on the device, leads and bridge structure to obtain the ground state electronic properties.

  - Checks:
    - Visualize energy levels for device and bridge

- Step 3:

  - Refer to `get_los_prerequisites.py`
  - [ ] Determine the active space
  - [ ] Get subdiagonalized Hamiltonian and overlap matrices (transform to localized orbital basis set)
  - [ ] If performing DMFT or ED calculations, ensure that the Hamiltonian and overlap matrices are Lowdin orthogonalized.

  - Checks:
    - Refer to `get_cubefiles.py`
    - Visualize LOs in Vesta
    - Compare Lowdin orthogonalized and non-orthogonalized orbitals

- Step 4: Nodes and Regions

  - Refer to `compute_tridiagonal_nodes.ipynb`
  - [ ] Compute the nodes of the tridiagonal matrix
  - [ ] Identify the regions in the subdiagonalized Hamiltonian matrix that correspond to the left lead, bridge, and right lead.
  - [ ] ~~If the leads are reduced in dimensionality due to picking of the active space, the computed leads self-energy needs to be expanded to the original leads dimensions.~~ The current implementation of qtpyt doesn't allow the active space to be in the leads region.

<del> - Step 5: Green's Function Prerequisites </del>

<del>  - Refer to `get_gf_prerequisites.py`</del>
<del>  - [ ] Identify if leads self-energies need to be computed using `LeadSelfEnergy` or `PrincipalSelfEnergy` classes.</del>
<del>  - [ ] Compute and save the self-energies for the left and right leads.</del>
<del>  - [ ] Save the Hamiltonian and overlap matrices in a tridiagonalized format suitable for Green's function calculations</del>

- Step 5: Get tridiagonalized matrix

  - Refer to `get_tridiagonal_matrix.py`

- Step 6: Compute leads self energy

  - Refer to `get_leads_self_energy.py`

- Step 7: Compute DOS

  - Refer to `get_dos.py`
  - Check if the dos from the active region describes the states around Fermi energy in the total dos.
  - If not, this may indicate the need to expand the orbitals being considered in the active region.


- Step 8: DFT Transmission
  - Refer to `get_dft_transmission.py`

<!-- - [ ] Compare and contrast DOS or orbitals or energies with and without lowdin orthogonalization
  - [ ] Analyze if Lowdin orthogonalization changes the DOS or orbitals significantly. -->

Commit message:

Add tests for bridge alone

CNT_AGNR/checklist.md, after:

# Calculation Checklist

This file provides a checklist of essential steps to follow for the CNT_AGNR calculation.
Use this list to ensure all necessary tasks are completed in the correct order.

- Step 1: Structure Preparation

  - Refer to `sort_positions.ipynb` for the ordering process
  - [ ] Ensure that the atoms in the device/scattering region are ordered as left lead, scattering region, and right lead. Within each region, atoms should be ordered from left to right along the transport direction.
  - [ ] Ensure that the atoms in the leads and bridge structure file are ordered in the same way as the device.

- Step 2: DFT calculations

  - Refer to the python scripts in the `dft` folder
  - [ ] Perform DFT calculations on the device, leads and bridge structure to obtain the ground state electronic properties.

  - Checks:
    - Visualize energy levels for device and bridge

- Step 3:

  - Refer to `get_los_prerequisites.py`
  - [ ] Determine the active space
  - [ ] Get subdiagonalized Hamiltonian and overlap matrices (transform to localized orbital basis set)
  - [ ] If performing DMFT or ED calculations, ensure that the Hamiltonian and overlap matrices are Lowdin orthogonalized.

  - Checks:
    - Refer to `get_cubefiles.py`
    - Visualize LOs in Vesta
    - Compare Lowdin orthogonalized and non-orthogonalized orbitals

- Step 4: Nodes and Regions

  - Refer to `compute_tridiagonal_nodes.ipynb`
  - [ ] Compute the nodes of the tridiagonal matrix
  - [ ] Identify the regions in the subdiagonalized Hamiltonian matrix that correspond to the left lead, bridge, and right lead.
  - [ ] ~~If the leads are reduced in dimensionality due to picking of the active space, the computed leads self-energy needs to be expanded to the original leads dimensions.~~ The current implementation of qtpyt doesn't allow the active space to be in the leads region.

<del> - Step 5: Green's Function Prerequisites </del>

<del>  - Refer to `get_gf_prerequisites.py`</del>
<del>  - [ ] Identify if leads self-energies need to be computed using `LeadSelfEnergy` or `PrincipalSelfEnergy` classes.</del>
<del>  - [ ] Compute and save the self-energies for the left and right leads.</del>
<del>  - [ ] Save the Hamiltonian and overlap matrices in a tridiagonalized format suitable for Green's function calculations</del>

- Step 5: Get tridiagonalized matrix

  - Refer to `get_tridiagonal_matrix.py`

- Step 6: Compute leads self energy

  - Refer to `get_leads_self_energy.py`

  Checks:
  - Is there an effect of the number of repetitions of a unit cell considered when computing leads self-energy?
  - Is there an effect on how big the leads need to be in the device (a.k.a scattering region)?

- Step 7: Compute DOS

  - Refer to `get_dos.py`
  Checks:
    - Check if the dos from the active region describes the states around Fermi energy in the total dos.
    - If not, this may indicate the need to expand the orbitals being considered in the active region.
    - Can we get the dos of just the bridge and compare it to the one in the paper?


- Step 8: DFT Transmission
  - Refer to `get_dft_transmission.py`

<!-- - [ ] Compare and contrast DOS or orbitals or energies with and without lowdin orthogonalization
  - [ ] Analyze if Lowdin orthogonalization changes the DOS or orbitals significantly. -->
